I got an interesting basketball-related
invite yesterday from none other than
senator Ted Cruz
you may remember Ted Cruz is the guy who
once called the hoop a basketball ring
on the campaign trail which we have a
lot of fun with so on Tuesday night I
made mentioned the fact that Ted Cruz
was at Game seven between the Rockets
and the Warriors in Houston he tweeted a
photo of himself
from the game and I noticed that he
looked like a blobfish so apparently Ted
got wind of this and last night he
tweeted Jimmy Kimmel alright big guy you
talk a good game you besmirched my
support for the Houston ride besmirched
he really he really knows his way around
a diss track this Ted so he let's settle
this man-to-man one-on-one hoops or ring
ball if you prefer the loser gives
$5,000 to the non-political charity of
the winner's choice so I immediately
went online and googled how to guard a
blobfish
and then and then I went on Twitter and
I wrote back I like this idea I'll
accept on one condition we both wear
very short short we'd be great to see
ten in those little eighties Larry Bird
shorts he wasn't as enthusiastic about
that idea he wrote as Borat demonstrated
conclusively nobody wants to see that
and ABC will probably be fined by the
FCC how about this you dress yourself
I'll do the same play to ten by ones win
by two so I just to try again I wrote
crop tops and that didn't fly either
he wrote Jimmy Kimmel never mind the
dress code now I'm annoying him we can
play to ten or twenty one or fifty your
choice Adam Carolla can provide color
commentary well first of all we play 250
we'll both be dead by the end of the day
so maybe that's the way to go I
sacrifice myself for the good of the
land but this now could be a real thing
why he wants to do this I have no idea
you really want to play basketball
against a talk show host you already
lost an election to a reality show host
if you want to do it I feel like I have
to do it right I mean sex movies and
watch LeBron and Kevin Durant again when
we can instead focus on two out of shape
white men in their 50s with little to no
athletic ability instead so yes Ted Cruz
I do accept your challenge I will play
you water
I know you run some kind of basketball
league for senators you probably think
you're good I know you played basketball
when you're younger I saw the picture in
your high school yearbook but I will
warn you of what happened the last time
someone challenged me to play one-on-one
senator I played against Shaquille
O'Neal
I know Shaq Shaq is a friend of mine and
you senator Cruz are know Shaquille
O'Neal I got to figure out the details
mainly we should do this the Monday
before the midterms it'd be fun to see
him loose twice in one week right
gimel we're doing two-a-days every day
starting this weekend all right you
ready for me I'm ready yeah okay so I'm
gonna play basketball with Ted Cruz hi
I'm Jimmy Kimmel I hope you enjoyed that
video hit subscribe and all your dreams
will come true assuming your dreams are
to watch more YouTube videos